Allow user-managed Pool in Wav2Vec2ProcessorWithLM.batch_decode (#18351)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/wav2vec2.mdx

    - batch_decode
    - decode

### Decoding multiple audios

> If you are planning to decode multiple batches of audios, you should consider using [`~model.wav2vec2_with_lm.processing_wav2vec2_with_lm.batch_decode`] and passing an instantiated `multiprocessing.Pool`.
> Otherwise, [`~model.wav2vec2_with_lm.processing_wav2vec2_with_lm.batch_decode`] performance will be slower than calling [`~model.wav2vec2_with_lm.processing_wav2vec2_with_lm.decode`] for each audio individually, as it internally instantiates a new `Pool` for every call. See the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning to decode multiple batches of audios, you should consider using [`~Wav2Vec2ProcessorWithLM.batch_decode`] and passing an instantiated `multiprocessing.Pool`.
Otherwise, [`~Wav2Vec2ProcessorWithLM.batch_decode`] performance will be slower than calling [`~Wav2Vec2ProcessorWithLM.decode`] for each audio individually, as it internally instantiates a new `Pool` for every call. See the example below:
```
